Improve documentation (#76)
NIKSS-vSwitch/nikss: docs/example outputs.md

This file contains example outputs from nikss-ctl command under different options and externs.

# Error, warning and informational messages

All informational, error and warning messages are printed to the `stderr` stream (with exceptions, see note below). Such
sentence has a form of sentence with additional context and decoded error code value if available. Some sentences starting

> with keyword `libbpf:` are generated by `libbpf` library itself. When error occurs code other than `0` is returned and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with keyword `libbpf:` are generated by `libbpf` library itself. If an error occurs, a return code other than `0` (a standard  `errno` values) is returned.
```

> this code is related to standard `errno` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> There is no used prefix to point severity of the output sentence.

Reviewer: ??

Author: Maybe `log level` would be better term. I mean that messages printed by the library has no information they are `error`, `warning`, `debug`, `info` or other level of importance, so you have to read whole message and understand it to know whether it is important or not.

Some messages start with `warning:` or `error` but most of messages not.
